Here it is, The Open Science-ology Bibble!  It's like the "bible", only Open Source!
Here it is, THE HOLY BOOK
Don't like it?  Fork your own project!

In the beginning J.R. "Bob" Dobbs created GitHub.
His pipe was his guide.  Praise be the pipe of "Bob".

How to join Open Science-ology.  Repeat after me:

”I <insert your name here>, solemnly promise to not get dirt on the living room carpet, pee in the pool or let the monkey out of his cage. Tip your waitress.”

RULES
• Do not pick your nose before god.  God always picks his nose first.
• Wipe your shoes before entering a porta-temple, whydontcha?
• Pork on the fork?  No problem!
• Pinapple on pizza is optional
• If you're going to be a jerk, blame Satan.  DAMN YOU SATAN!
• When you get to the top of the pyramid and the priests pull out the obsidian dagger, relax.  You're going to heaven.
• DON'T PANIC
• Know what to kiss, and when.

In the immortal words of St. Steve Martin (https://snltranscripts.jt.org/79/79smono.phtml):

“What I Believe.”

I believe in rainbows and puppy dogs and fairy tales.

And I believe in the family – Mom and Dad and Grandma.. and Uncle Tom,who waves his penis.

And I believe 8 of the 10 Commandments.

And I believe in going to church every Sunday, unless there’s a game on.

And I believe that sex is one of the most beautiful, wholesome and natural things.. that money can buy.

And I believe it’s derogatory to refer to a woman’s breasts as “boobs”, “jugs”, “winnebagos” or “golden bozos”.. and that you should only refer to them as “hooters”.

And I believe you should put a woman on a pedestal.. high enough so youcan look up her dress.

And I believe in equality, equality for everyone.. no matter how stupid they are, or how much better I am than they are.

And, people say I’m crazy for believing this, but I believe that robots are stealing my luggage.

And I believe I made a mistake when I bought a 30-story 1-bedroom apartment.

And I believe the Battle of the Network Stars should be fought with guns.

And I believe that Ronald Reagan can make this country what it once was – an arctic region covered with ice.

And, lastly, I believe that of all the evils on this earth, there is nothing worse than the music you’re listening to right now. That’s what I believe.

Another holy document, The Deteriorata, from National Lampoon.

Go placidly amid the noise and waste,
And remember what comfort there may be in owning a piece thereof.
Avoid quiet and passive persons, unless you are in need of sleep.
Rotate your tires.
Speak glowingly of those greater than yourself,
And heed well their advice -- even though they be turkeys.
Know what to kiss -- and when.
Remember that two wrongs never make a right,
But that three do.
Wherever possible, put people on "HOLD".
Be comforted, that in the face of all aridity and disillusionment,
And despite the changing fortunes of time,
There is always a big future in computer maintenance.

    You are a fluke of the universe ...
    You have no right to be here.
    Whether you can hear it or not, the universe
    Is laughing behind your back.
